Update the readme (#51)
nebari-dev/nebari: README.md

<div align="center">
 <img alt="Nebari logo on white background" src="./docs/static/img/docusaurus.png" width="300" />
</div>
<br>

> | Information | Links |

Reviewer: Can you open an issue for this - else we will forget and the logo

| :---------- | :-----|
|   Project   | [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD%203--Clause-gray.svg?colorA=2D2A56&colorB=5936D9&style=flat.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause) [![Nebari documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%93%96%20Read-the%20docs-gray.svg?colorA=2D2A56&colorB=5936D9&style=flat.svg)](https://nebari-docs.netlify.app/) [![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/qhub.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/qhub) |
|  Community  | [![GH discussions](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%92%AC%20-Participate%20in%20discussions-gray.svg?colorA=2D2A56&colorB=5936D9&style=flat.svg)](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/discussions) [![Open an issue](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%93%9D%20Open-an%20issue-gray.svg?colorA=2D2A56&colorB=5936D9&style=flat.svg)](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/issues/new/choose) |

> |     CI      | [![Build Docker Images](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/image.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/image.yaml) [![Kubernetes Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml) [![Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml) |

Reviewer: The Docker image build one can be removed as the Docker bits will be in a separate repo

> |     CI      | [![Build Docker Images](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/image.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/image.yaml) [![Kubernetes Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml) [![Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|     CI      | [![Kubernetes Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml) [![Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml) |
```

---

Nebari is an customizable Data Science and MLOPs Platform designed as a managed integration of open source technologies. It uses an infrastructure-as-code approach to quickly and easily deploy a shared data science environment, on premises or in the cloud of choice. 

Nebari is an opinionated open source JupyterHub distribution with a variety of common integrations to help you and your team get set up with all your favorite tools ...  and a few you didn't know you needed! 

Check out our full [documentation](https://nebari-docs.netlify.app/)!

---

## Table of contents

- [Nebari 101](#nebari-101)
- [Nebari on-prem](#nebari-on-prem)
  <!-- - [:cloud: Cloud Providers](#cloud-cloud-providers) -->
- [:computer: Installation](#computer-installation)
- [:question: Questions?](#question-questions)
- [:book: Code of Conduct](#book-code-of-conduct)
- [:gear: Installing the Development version of Nebari](#gear-installing-the-development-version-of-nebari)
- [:raised_hands: Contributions](#raised_hands-contributions)
- [License](#license)

## Nebari 101

Nebari Cloud deployments use Kubernetes and are is built using [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/), [Helm](https://helm.sh/), and

> [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions). Terraform handles the build, change, and versioning of the infrastructure. Helm helps to define, install,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions). Terraform manages the infrastructure on the cloud. Helm helps to define, install,
```

and manage [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/ "Automated container deployment, scaling, and management"). GitHub Actions is used to automatically create commits when the

> configuration file (`nebari-config.yaml`) is rendered, as well as to kick off the deployment action.

Author: `nebari-config.yaml` - not sure if this will still be a thing? should we just update later?

Reviewer 2: I think this one is worth mentioned in the dev-channel as well

Reviewer: always find this confusing - what do we mean by `config.yml` rendering?

Nebari aims to abstract all these complexities for its users. Hence, it is not necessary to know any of the above mentioned technologies to have your project successfully deployed.

> TLDR: If you know GitHub and feel comfortable generating and using API keys, you should have all it takes to deploy and maintain your system without the need for a dedicated
> DevOps team. No need to learn Kubernetes, Terraform, or Helm.

## Nebari on-prem

We also have a version of Nebari based on OpenHPC. It can be used to deploy onto HPC systems or on bare-metal. 

> > NOTE: This tool is currently under development. Curious? Check out the [Nebari HPC](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub-hpc) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note** 
> This tool is currently under development. Curious? Check out the [Nebari HPC](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub-hpc) repository.
```

<!-- ### :cloud: Cloud Providers

Nebari offers out-of-the-box support for [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/), Amazon [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/),
[GCP](https://cloud.google.com/ "Google Cloud Provider"), and Microsoft [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/).

![High-level illustration of Nebari architecture](docs/source/images/qhub-cloud_architecture.png)

> For more details, check out the release [blog post](https://www.quansight.com/post/announcing-qhub). --> 

Author: I didn't think the cloud provider details needed to be included in this high level readme. If you don't agree, I can uncomment.

Reviewer: Agree - let's delete

## :computer: Installation

> Nebari is supported by macOS and Linux operating systems (Windows is **NOT** currently supported). It is compatible with Python 3.7+. We also encouraged using virutual environments ([`conda`](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/), [`pipenv`](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv) or

Reviewer: Let's wrap .md files lines at 120 or closer on a sentence basis
```suggestion
Nebari is supported by macOS and Linux operating systems (Windows is **NOT** currently supported). It is compatible with Python 3.7+. 
We also suggest you use virtual environments such as ([`conda`](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/), 
[`pipenv`](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv) or
```

  [`venv`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html))

> Depending on where you plan to deploy, you may need to set up credentials (e.g. for cloud deployment) Once all the necessary credentials are generated, Nebari can be installed and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on where you are planning to deploy Nebari, you may need to set up credentials (e.g. for cloud deployment). 
Once all the necessary credentials are generated, Nebari can be installed and 
```

Reviewer: `set up credentials` this is super vague - can we add some better wording - will also need to link to the docs in the future

Author: I agree. This is leftover from the readme including an install guide. I cut most of that out, but left a few things in just to give people a taste. I can refine this a bit. And I'll open an issue to add links back in once the pages exist.

> deployed in under 20 minutes! 

Reviewer: Is this 💯  accurate?

See our [installation guide]() for a complete guide to intallation. 

## :question: Questions?

Have a look at our [FAQ](docs/source/user_guide/faq.md) to see if your query has been answered.

We separate the queries for Nebari into:

> - [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/discussions) is used to raise discussions about a subject, such as: "What is the recommended way to do X with Nebari?"

Reviewer: so this is more like a user help forum?

Author: I believe so.

- [Issues](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/issues/new/choose) for queries, bug reporting, feature requests, documentation, etc.

> We work around the clock to make Nebari better, but sometimes your query might take a while to get a reply. We apologise in advance and ask you to please, be patient :pray:.

## :book: Code of Conduct

> To guarantee a welcoming and friendly community, we require contributors to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Quansight/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Reviewer: As we are making the transition to a more community-driven project - we might need to revisit the CoC

|     CI      | [![Kubernetes Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml) [![Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml) |
| Website | [![Website Deploy](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/actions/workflows/deploy.yml) 

---

Nebari is a customizable Data Science and MLOPs platform designed as a managed integration of open source technologies. 
It uses an infrastructure-as-code approach to quickly and easily deploy a shared data science environment, on premises 
or in the cloud of choice. Nebari is an opinionated open source JupyterHub distribution with a variety of common 
integrations to help you and your team get set up with all your favorite tools ...  and a few you didn't know you 

> needed! 

Author: @trallard - combined the two paragraphs as you suggested. what do you think?

Reviewer: good for now - but will need to fix as it really bothers me

Nebari aims to abstract all these complexities for its users. Hence, it is not necessary to know any of the above 
mentioned technologies to have your project successfully deployed.

> TLDR: If you know GitHub/GitLab and feel comfortable generating and using API keys, you should have all it takes to deploy and maintain your system without the need for a dedicated
> DevOps team. No need to learn Kubernetes, Terraform, or Helm.

## Nebari on-prem

We also have a version of Nebari based on OpenHPC. It can be used to deploy onto HPC systems or on bare-metal. 

> **Note** 
> This tool is currently under development. Curious? Check out the [Nebari HPC](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub-hpc) repository.

## :computer: Installation

Nebari is supported by macOS and Linux operating systems (Windows is **NOT** currently supported). It is compatible 
with Python 3.7+. We also suggest you use virtual environments such as 
([`conda`](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/), [`pipenv`](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv) or
  [`venv`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html))

Depending on where you are planning to deploy, Nebari can be installed and 

> deployed in roughly 30 minutes! 

Author: @trallard - how is this?

|  Community  | [![GH discussions](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%92%AC%20-Participate%20in%20discussions-gray.svg?colorA=2D2A56&colorB=5936D9&style=flat.svg)](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/discussions) [![Open an issue](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%93%9D%20Open-an%20issue-gray.svg?colorA=2D2A56&colorB=5936D9&style=flat.svg)](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/issues/new/choose) |
|     CI      | [![Kubernetes Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/kubernetes_test.yaml) [![Tests](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub/actions/workflows/test.yaml) |
| Website | [![Website Deploy](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/actions/workflows/deploy.yml) 

---

> Nebari is an customizable Data Science and MLOPs Platform designed as a managed integration of open source technologies. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nebari is a customizable Data Science and MLOPs platform designed as a managed integration of open source technologies. 
```

Reviewer: I know this is the wording we carried over from the old repo - there is something that does not sound entirely right to me but cannot tell what it is. 
Will need to revisit later

Author: its so generic that it almost has no meaning

Reviewer: yes - my brain is not super creative today so will come back to it tomorrow

It uses an infrastructure-as-code approach to quickly and easily deploy a shared data science environment, on premises 
or in the cloud of choice. 

Nebari is an opinionated open source JupyterHub distribution with a variety of common integrations to help you and your 

> team get set up with all your favorite tools ...  and a few you didn't know you needed! 

Reviewer: 🤔 still cannot figure out why this whole bit sounds weird - maybe this should be moved up after lines 15-17?

Author: We need a solid paragraph describing Nebari. I don't know if that exists anywhere? Every document I look at are variations of this and line 15.

> Check out our full [documentation](https://nebari-docs.netlify.app/)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with Nebari right away, check the [Nebari documentation](https://nebari-docs.netlify.app/)!
```

---

## Table of contents

- [Nebari 101](#nebari-101)
- [Nebari on-prem](#nebari-on-prem)
  <!-- - [:cloud: Cloud Providers](#cloud-cloud-providers) -->
- [:computer: Installation](#computer-installation)
- [:question: Questions?](#question-questions)
- [:book: Code of Conduct](#book-code-of-conduct)
- [:gear: Installing the Development version of Nebari](#gear-installing-the-development-version-of-nebari)
- [:raised_hands: Contributions](#raised_hands-contributions)
- [License](#license)

## Nebari 101

> Nebari Cloud deployments use Kubernetes and are is built using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nebari Cloud can be deployed on any Kubernetes cluster by leveraging these tools:
```
Do we refer to Nebari as `Nebari Cloud` elsewhere?

Author: I don't think we refer to `Nebari Cloud` in these docs. For a while we had `qhub cloud` and `qhub on-prem`. I'll just remove the term `cloud` here since we mention the on-prem option as a separate repo

> [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/), [Helm](https://helm.sh/), and either 
> [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions) or 
> [GitLab CI/CD](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/quick_start/index.html). Terraform manages the infrastructure on the 
> cloud. Helm helps to define, install, and manage 
> [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/ "Automated container deployment, scaling, and management"). GitHub 
> Actions or GitLab CI/CD is used to automatically create commits (triggered by commits with changes to the 
> configuration file, `nebari-config.yaml`) as well as to kick off the deployment action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Terraform modules](https://www.terraform.io/): to automate the provisioning of your cloud infrastructure
- [Helm](https://helm.sh/): to define, manage, and install Kubernetes applications
- [GitHub Actions](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions) or 
[GitLab CI/CD](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/quick_start/index.html): to automate the build and deployment of Nebari.
```

Nebari aims to abstract all these complexities for its users. Hence, it is not necessary to know any of the above 
mentioned technologies to have your project successfully deployed.

> TLDR: If you know GitHub/GitLab and feel comfortable generating and using API keys, you should have all it takes to deploy and maintain your system without the need for a dedicated
> DevOps team. No need to learn Kubernetes, Terraform, or Helm.

## Nebari on-prem

We also have a version of Nebari based on OpenHPC. It can be used to deploy onto HPC systems or on bare-metal. 

> **Note** 
> This tool is currently under development. Curious? Check out the [Nebari HPC](https://github.com/Quansight/qhub-hpc) repository.

## :computer: Installation

Nebari is supported by macOS and Linux operating systems (Windows is **NOT** currently supported). It is compatible 
with Python 3.7+. We also suggest you use virtual environments such as 
([`conda`](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/), [`pipenv`](https://github.com/pypa/pipenv) or
  [`venv`](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html))

Depending on where you are planning to deploy Nebari, you may need to set up credentials (e.g. for cloud deployment). 

> Once all the necessary credentials are generated, Nebari can be installed and 

Reviewer: 🤔  this feels oddly out of place too - maybe remove the credentials item?

deployed in roughly 30 minutes! 

> See our [installation guide]() for a complete guide to intallation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the [Nebari installation guide]() for detailed step-by-step instructions on deploying Nebari.
```

## :question: Questions?

> Have a look at our [FAQ](docs/source/user_guide/faq.md) to see if your query has been answered.

Reviewer: Do we have a FAQ?
```suggestion
Have a look at our [Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)](docs/source/user_guide/faq.md) to see if your query has been answered.
```

Author: We will... its in the plan.

We separate the queries for Nebari into:

- [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/discussions) is our user forum. It can be used to raise 
discussions about a subject, such as: "What is the recommended way to do _X_ with Nebari?"

- [Issues](https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari/issues/new/choose) for queries, bug reporting, feature requests, 
documentation, etc.

> We work around the clock to make Nebari better, but sometimes your query might take a while to get a reply. We 
> apologise in advance and ask you to please, be patient :pray:.

## :book: Code of Conduct

To guarantee a welcoming and friendly community, we require contributors to follow our 
[Code of Conduct](https://github.com/Quansight/.github/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## :gear: Installing the Development version of Nebari

To install the latest developer version (unstable) use:

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/nebari-dev/nebari.git
```

> To build the docs locally, follow the guide in the [docs readme](docs/README)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the docs locally, follow the guide in the [docs readme](docs/README).
```
